25.03.22 (Friday)
Today was an exciting day and more exciting things were  about to happend in the evening. we reported at the office by 8:50am, had breakfast and
 straight up started with our works.I had few tasks assigned by my mentor which was to know what is HTML, CSS and JAVAScript. Generally speaking these were programing language in which HTML (HyperText Markup Langage) is a code which is used to create (or) structure  a webpage and its content 
including writings,links, pictures, sounds and videos it also adds meta information (specifying character set, page description, key words, author of the document and viewport settings). HTML was found in the year 1993 by Tim Berners-Lee it was later developed by WHATWG (Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group) is a community of people interested in evolving HTML and related technologies.The WHATWG was founded by individuals from Apple Inc., the Mozilla Foundation and Opera Software, leading Web browser vendors, in 2004. Moving on to CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) they are used to format the layout of webpages.they can be used to define text styles, table sizes, and other aspects of Web pages that previously could only be defined  in a page's HTML.It was found in 1996, the idea was first proposed by Hakon Wium Lie who was a collegue of Tim Berners Lee. It also enables us to 
seperate presentation and content including layout,colours,fonts which improves accessibility. JavaScript (JS) it is a text based programing language which is used both on client side and server side which makes webpage more interactive. It is also well used programing language (97% of website) in 
client side, All the websites have dedicated Javascript engines earlier it was used only in web browsers but now it is used as core components of some servers.Java Script was found in the year 1995 by Brendan Eich, for more understandind and ease of learning if we could breakdown these 3
 technologies like a human body we can classify HTML as skeleton, CSS as skin and JavaScript as circulatory,digestive and respiratory systems that 
brings the structure and skin to life.
By 11:20 we had our first session by Mr kaushik, which was about skill requirements, assigning us with tasks helped us improve our skills on reading, writing,speaking, problem solving and processing. he also mentioned how a problem must be solved by dividing it into smaller parts, Later the session was continued by Mr Askin, who interacted with us to clarify about responsibility, obligation,dharma,duty and freewill, he also made us understand 
that we should consider the tasks assigned to us as our responsibility and love what we are doing.after the session we had lunch and my mentor
gave me 2 questions, both were focused on improving problem solving skill,and luckily i could figure out both by myself.Since it was friday, everybodywas eager to play football in a nearby turf,we reached a littlebit late but the match was just about to start,we wwere almost 40 peoples or more so 
decided to split the team and play for 12 minutes (6 minutes halftime). unfortunately we did not win, but it was nice as we got to know everyone 
better and made us even close. 
